Stop fighting.
As long as you sign this obediently today
I can still save him one
If you put your name on it, you can't escape
You don't care about his death at all
Wait, if something happens to him
This agreement will not take effect
I promise you.
As long as you sign it obediently
For the rest of their lives, I
What can you guarantee?
Make him the manager
zhangguan branch
And Zhu Shengli
I can't get rid of this doll dear
Why drag down the land war?
This land war is against me again and again for you
If I hadn't tolerated him
He's already unemployed
OK
promise you
Mr. Zhu
It's too early to talk about things
I don't want to be beaten by irrelevant people
What did he say to you?
OK
You want to divorce me?
Our marriage was an accident
There is no need to survive now
He lied to you.
By the way, Mr. Lu doesn't matter
You work hard in the future
Don't be here.
Which job is more important than you?
If you lose your job, you can find it again.
But I lost you
Where can I find one?